.TH "crio-status 8" 
.nh
.ad l


.SH NAME
.PP
crio\-status \- A tool for CRI\-O status retrieval


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
crio\-status

.PP
.RS

.nf
[\-\-help|\-h]
[\-\-socket|\-s]=[value]
[\-\-version|\-v]

.fi
.RE

.PP
\fBUsage\fP:

.PP
.RS

.nf
crio\-status [GLOBAL OPTIONS] command [COMMAND OPTIONS] [ARGUMENTS...]

.fi
.RE


.SH GLOBAL OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-help, \-h\fP: show help

.PP
\fB\-\-socket, \-s\fP="": absolute path to the unix socket (default: /var/run/crio/crio.sock)

.PP
\fB\-\-version, \-v\fP: print the version


.SH COMMANDS
.SH complete, completion
.PP
Generate bash, fish or zsh completions.

.SH man
.PP
Generate the man page documentation.

.SH markdown, md
.PP
Generate the markdown documentation.

.PP
\fB\-\-help, \-h\fP: show help

.SH config, c
.PP
Show the configuration of CRI\-O as TOML string.

.SH containers, container, cs, s
.PP
Display detailed information about the provided container ID.

.PP
\fB\-\-id, \-i\fP="": the container ID

.SH info, i
.PP
Retrieve generic information about CRI\-O, like the cgroup and storage driver.

.SH help, h
.PP
Shows a list of commands or help for one command

.SH FILES
.PP
\fBcrio.conf\fP (/etc/crio/crio.conf)
  cri\-o configuration file for all of the available command\-line options for
  the crio(8) program, but in a TOML format that can be more easily modified
  and versioned.

.PP
\fBpolicy.json\fP (/etc/containers/policy.json)
  Signature verification policy files are used to specify policy, e.g. trusted
  keys, applicable when deciding whether to accept an image, or individual
  signatures of that image, as valid.

.PP
\fBregistries.conf\fP (/etc/containers/registries.conf)
  Registry configuration file specifies registries which are consulted when
  completing image names that do not include a registry or domain portion.

.PP
\fBstorage.conf\fP (/etc/containers/storage.conf)
  Storage configuration file specifies all of the available container storage
  options for tools using shared container storage.


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
crio.conf(5), crio.conf.d(5), oci\-hooks(5), policy.json(5), registries.conf(5),
storage.conf(5)
